My task was to implement a hash table structure where each element is a structure consisting of a key and a value. The key is a number, and the value is a string. Elements are stored in array and error collision strategy is chaining.
I have used C programming language to implement hash table.
In my program there are 3 main structs LinkedList and LinkedListNode and HashTable, LinkedList struct consists of references on procedures which manipulate linked list data structure and also reference on first node of  linked list.
Procedures on which LinkedList struct fields have references are add and removeByKey. add adds node at the end and removeByKey removes node from the list comparing provided key with each node key field. SortList
HashTable struct has link on array of elements which are LinkedList structures, there are also references on addElement and deleteElementByKey procedures. Procedure addElement accepts self parameter which is reference of existing hashTable in memory, key parameter which is integer and value parameter which is pointer to char (pointer to first character of a string). Procedure addElement first of all hashes key using simple hash function and then use that hashed key to address place in elements array, because every element in array is linked list method add is called to add newly created key value pair to the linked list. 
Procedure deleteElementByKey accepts self and key parameters which are pointer to the existing hash table and integer key by which element from hash table will be removed respectively. In procedure deleteElementByKey first of all key is hashed with simple hash function and then kay hash is used to addess place in array, because every element in array is linked list method removeByKey is called to remove key value pair from the linked list. 
In main.c available example which uses procedure getHashTable to create hash table object, later in a file demonstrated various usages of addElement, deleteElementByKey and collision strategy mechanism.

Compiler version - gcc 11.4.0